c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis.dll
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis.pdb
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.g.resources
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.dll
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.pdb
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Silverlight_ZXing_Core.pdb
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\Scanner.g.cs
c:\users\guillaume\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\frmLivraison.g.cs
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis.dll
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis.pdb
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\frmLivraison.g.cs
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\Scanner.g.cs
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.g.resources
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.dll
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.pdb
C:\Users\CCI\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis.dll
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis.pdb
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\Bin\Debug\FranzyColis_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\frmLivraison.g.cs
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\Scanner.g.cs
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.g.resources
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.dll
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\FranzyColis.pdb
C:\Users\gmaur_000\Documents\GitHub\FranzyColis\FranzyColis\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
